the sounds are subtle at first but
before long they rise like a roar out of
the rain for the sounds of Ghana's
Cocoon National Park all the more
precious because so many here tell us
the park wouldn't stand a chance of
coming together in today's ganas
created in the early 1990s cocoon sits
in the southwest of the country it's 360
square kilometers of protected
rainforest in the midst of prime
farmland and hunting grounds and that's
why we've arranged to meet Isaac BOSU
Isaac tells me he knows every inch of
this park he used to be a poacher here
but he's a conservationist now pointing
out things like cicadas
he's been guiding in the park for nearly
15 years and he has more to say about
his conversion later right now
Isaac is telling me to keep quiet
animals can't stand the noise oh really
as you might guess I'm way too loud for
this place we didn't see any of the
monkeys elephants buffalo or other
mammals that roam this park for what we
did see was cocoon salvation oh my gosh
Isaac this is spectacular
well you're so high up here above the
forest floor the canopy walk unfolds
like a children's playground the top
trees and it can't help beacons main
attraction and source of revenue what
are people's reactions normally many of
them fleet he sees people crying crying
yeah so listen if your stomach can
handle this
this really is exhilarating I mean it's
as if you were walking a tightrope
between trees but everything you can
take in up here is amazing you really do
get a sense of the full canopy of the
rainforest you look down and you can see
the expanse of the forest floor and
really just take it in all in the sights
the sounds the walk spends seven bridges
at a top height of 40 meters every step
is like the ride of your life
it's a view many believe wouldn't exist
without the parks legal for
detection protection from the kind of
man Isaac used to be a poacher prowling
the park for all he could kill including
elephants his 14 children changed things
he tells me he realized if he and others
didn't stop there would be no rainforest
and no livelihood left many people said
when the even see me you shoot him and
when this park started
you saw that Isaac says people from the
52 villages that surround the park have
since thanked him
they say the park employees their
children and has brought money into
communities the wild sounds and rich
ecosystems seem well protected here well
served by the money visitors bring to
the park but better served by how
comfortably and peacefully his park now
sits within the future landscape of a
country so eager to prospect Paula
Newton CNN in Ghana's Cocoon National
Park